So, how did you meet?
Kill this little beast for me
How did I get here?
Dare to provoke our Dong family
Kill him for me
You wait for me.
Xiaolong, your father and I have been together for a long time
There's 1 million in this card for you to live alone
Here you go.
So
It was you who saved their mother and son
His father and I were comrades in arms
It should be
But he is unwilling to try to save you now.
You don't have to doubt him for anything he does
I hope you can win his favor and marry him.
What!
You asked me to win his favor and marry his father
Are you trying to humiliate me?
Why don't you even listen to me?
Anything else will do
There is no negotiation on this matter.
I'm dead
It's impossible to marry that security guard